[IMP] CRM: updated some of the menu naming conventions as well as did a grammar pass. (#925)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/track_leads/lead_scoring.rst

Assign leads based on scoring
=============================

*Lead Scoring* lets you rank and prioritize leads based on selected criteria. A higher score
indicates that a lead is more likely to bring value to your company.

For example, if customers from Canada tend to be more likely to purchase your products, you can
assign them a higher score than customers from other countries.

Configuration
=============

To use scoring, go to :menuselection:`Apps`, remove the :guilabel:`Apps` filter, search for
:guilabel:`Lead Scoring` and then install the module.

.. image:: lead_scoring/lead-scoring-module.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Lead Scoring module installation

Create scoring rules
====================

To manage scoring rules, go to :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Scoring Rules`.

> Here's an example of a scoring rule for leads from Canada that have English listed as their
> language. Customize your rules to fit the needs of your business, and add as many criteria as you

Reviewer: Deleting the reference to the image.
```suggestion
Customize your rules to fit the needs of your business, and add as many criteria as you
```

want.

.. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-example.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Score Rule example

Every hour, Odoo automatically assigns scores to new leads according to your configured rules.

.. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-section-on-lead.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Scoring section on a lead

Assign leads
============

Odoo can also assign leads to specific teams based on configured rules. To configure assignment
rules, go to the individual Sales Team's configuration page via :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads -->
Team Assignment` or :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Sales Teams`, and apply a specific
Domain to each team. The Domain can include lead scores.

.. image:: lead_scoring/team-assignation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Team Assignments using domains

Assign leads to specific salespeople using further refined Domains at :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads
--> Leads Assignment`.

.. image:: lead_scoring/lead-assignment-filters.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Lead Assignments

Odoo automatically assigns new leads to teams/salespeople once per day.

> Evaluate & use the unassigned leads

Reviewer: Deleting the ampersand here per Jonathan's suggestion
```suggestion
Evaluate and use the unassigned leads
```

===================================

Not all leads will fall into your set Domains and get assigned automatically by Odoo.

To view your unassigned leads, go to :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Leads` and select the
Unassigned filter.

.. image:: lead_scoring/unassigned-filter.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Filtering for unassigned leads

.. note::

>    You can also find unassigned leads using the **Email Marketing** or **Marketing
>    Automation** apps to create a re-engagement campaign.

Reviewer: These should use `:guilabel:`, and I've rearranged the wording a bit for clarity.
```suggestion
   You can also find unassigned leads and create re-engagement campaigns using the :guilabel:`Email Marketing` or :guilabel:`Marketing
   Automation` apps.
```

Assign leads based on scoring
=============================

With *Lead Scoring* you can automatically rank your leads based on selected criteria.

For example, you could score customers higher if coming from the same country as your
company over a customer from a different country.

Configuration
=============

To use scoring, install the free module *Lead Scoring* under your *Apps* page (only available in
Odoo Enterprise).

.. image:: lead_scoring/lead-scoring-module.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Lead Scoring module installation

Create scoring rules
====================

> You now have a new tab in your *CRM* app called *Leads* where you can manage your scoring rules.

Reviewer 2: For menu paths, let's stay consistent and use `menuselection` (see content guidelines, the part about the structure)
```suggestion
To manage your scoring rules, go to :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Scoring Rules`.
```

Here's an example of a scoring rule for English-speaking Canadian users. You can modify your rules
to match whatever criteria you want to score leads on, and you can add as many criteria as you would
like.

> .. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-example.png

Author: Along these lines, do we have a width that we prefer to stay around in terms of size? If so, could we maybe add that to the documentation style guides?

> .. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-example.png

Reviewer 2: Good point!

Well, so far we used to take screenshots on large 1080p screens and we ended up having good screenshots just like that (with the current guidelines) so we didn't even think of possible other resolutions.
But indeed, now that more and more people contribute to the doc, that's definitely something to add... Especially since it varies according to the screen size as well (that's rather for the "zoom" than the resolution, but still)

But in your case, what was it? Is it a 4K screen? Or what software do you use to take screenshots? I know KC had a "double" resolution as well but I don't remember how he took the screenshots (it seemed rather complex, actually)

Thanks :)

> .. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-example.png

Author: Hey! 

So I just checked, and both my laptop and the external monitor are set at 1920x1080. I have windows maximized when I take screenshots. 

I've been using windows+shift+s (or cmd+shift+4) to take a screenshot and save the snippet. If I need to add a box or anything, then I just toss it in paint. Once I add the new media folder to Git, I go in and pngquant all of them.

> .. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-example.png

Reviewer 3: @jcs-odoo I also think [Scaling](https://i.imgur.com/RQKVoN6.png) should be taken into consideration, no?

   :align: center
   :alt: Score Rule example

Every hour, leads without a score are scanned and are then assigned a score according to your
configured rules.

.. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-section-on-lead.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Scoring section on a lead

Assign leads
============

Once the score is computed, leads can be assigned to specific teams. To do so, head to
:menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Team Assignment` and apply a specific domain to each team. This
domain can include scores.

.. image:: lead_scoring/team-assignation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Team Assignments using domains

If you want more granularity, you can assign leads to a specific salesperson on the team using
further refined domains.

To do so go to :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Leads Assignment`.

.. image:: lead_scoring/lead-assignment-filters.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Lead Assignments

> .. tip::
>    The Team & Leads Assignments are assigned to unassigned leads once per day.

Reviewer 2: - this is rather a note than a tip
- "&" is not the same as "and"
  Read more about it: https://www.probizwriters.com/PBW-blog/index.php/ampersand-usage/
```suggestion
.. note::
   The Team and Leads Assignments are assigned to unassigned leads once per day.
```

Assign leads based on scoring
=============================

With *Lead Scoring* you can automatically rank your leads based on
selected criteria.

> For example, you could score customers higher when they come from the same country higher as your

Author: Reworded this one entirely

company or from visiting specific pages on your website.

Configuration
=============

To use scoring, install the free module *Lead Scoring* under your *Apps* page (only available in
Odoo Enterprise).

.. image:: lead_scoring/lead-scoring-module.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Lead Scoring Module Installation

Author: I'm fine to change it, but we should probably ask in our next content meeting. I'm not sure we ever decided if the sentence case for headings also applied in other areas, such as alt tags.

>    :alt: Lead Scoring Module Installation

Reviewer 2: @vpk-odoo @xpl-odoo 
Well, I wouldn't have seen it ^^
It's true the guidelines are about headings and titles only, but as a rule of thumb,  I'd apply it elsewhere as well. We even start to pay attention to that for app pages :)

Create scoring rules
====================

You now have a new tab in your *CRM* app called *Leads* where you can manage your scoring rules.

> Here's an example of a Canadian lead. You can modify your rules for whatever criteria you want to

Author: Went ahead and just changed the wording of this.

score leads on. You can add as many criteria as you would like.

.. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-example.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Score Ruling Example

Every lead without a score is automatically be scanned every hour and is assigned the correct
score according to your configured scoring rules.

.. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-section-on-lead.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Scoring Section on a Lead

Assign leads
============

Once the score is computed, leads can be assigned to specific teams using the same domain

> mechanism. To do so, head to :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Team Assignment` and apply a

Reviewer 3: It feels weird to mention the "same domain mechanism" because you didn't mention "domains" earlier.

specific domain to each team. This domain can include scores.

> .. image:: lead_scoring/team-assignation.png

Reviewer 3: When the width of your screenshots is quite large, such as this one, it's difficult to see the content of the screenshot if you aren't viewing the documentation on a large screen. For example, you could crop the screenshot closer to the content, avoiding having too much white space. Also, the [screenshot guidelines](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/14.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#screenshots) recommend resizing the browser window and using the browser zoom, setting it to 110%.
As a comparison, I took a similar screenshot of the feature (albeit with fewer domain filters) and put it next to yours so you can [see the difference](https://i.imgur.com/Gv5ygeV.png). I don't think you need to change that one if you don't feel like it, but it's good to keep in mind for future docs :)

   :align: center

>    :alt: Team Assignments using Domains

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   :alt: Team Assignments using domains
```

If you want more granularity, you can assign leads to a specific salesperson on the team using
further refined domains.

To do so go to :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Leads Assignment`.

.. image:: lead_scoring/lead-assignment-filters.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Lead Assignments

.. note::

>    The team & leads assignments are assigned to unassigned leads once per day.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The Team & Leads Assignments are assigned to unassigned leads once per day.
```
I feel like Team and Leads Assignments could be both considered as features to be capitalized.

Evaluate & use the unassigned leads
===================================

Once your scoring rules are in place, you likely will still have some unassigned leads. Some of
these leads could still transition into an opportunity, so ensuring they are handled is both
useful and important.

On your leads overview page, you filter for your unassigned leads.

.. image:: lead_scoring/unassigned-filter.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Filtering for Unassigned Leads

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   :alt: Filtering for unassigned leads
```

> .. note::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. tip::
```
I feel like a "tip" is more appropriate here, but a "note" is fine as well of course :)

    You can also easily find unassigned leads by using the :menuselection:`Email Marketing` or

>     :menuselection:`Marketing Automation` apps to create a re-engagement campaign.

Reviewer 3: There are four spaces before the text on both lines. It should be three spaces :)

>     :menuselection:`Marketing Automation` apps to create a re-engagement campaign.

Reviewer 3: You could use the [bold markup](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/14.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#markup) instead of the menuselection directive, since the later is used to guide a user through a sequence of menus, which isn't the case here.

Assign leads based on scoring
=============================

.. important::
   This feature will be completely replaced by **Predictive Lead Scoring** with Version 14.3's
   release.

With *Lead Scoring* you can automatically rank your leads based on selected criteria.

For example, you could score customers higher if coming from the same country as your company over a
customer from a different country.

Configuration
=============

> To use scoring, go to :menuselection: 'Apps', remove the *Apps* filter, search for *Lead Scoring*,

Reviewer 4: Did this instead since **Apps** there is technically a menu item I believe:

```suggestion
To use scoring, go to :menuselection:`Apps`, remove the :guilabel:`Apps` filter, search for
:guilabel:`Lead Scoring` and then install the module.
```

and install the module.

.. image:: lead_scoring/lead-scoring-module.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Lead Scoring module installation

Create scoring rules
====================

> To manage your scoring rules, go to :menuselection: 'CRM --> Leads --> Scoring Rules'.

Reviewer 4: Also fixing directive formatting (backticks instead of apostrophes in `:menuselection:`+ remove space)

Here's an example of a scoring rule for English-speaking Canadian users. You can modify your rules
to match whatever criteria you want to score leads on, and you can add as many criteria as you would

> like.

Reviewer 4: Might have to come back to this. We should refrain from saying anything along the lines of "look at this image to understand x". Images are supplemental _alongside_ text descriptions, not the sole focus for instruction.

> like.

Reviewer: Let's delete that entire first sentence; the paragraph is fine without it.

.. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-example.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Score Rule example

Every hour, leads without a score are scanned and are then assigned a score according to your
configured rules.

.. image:: lead_scoring/scoring-section-on-lead.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Scoring section on a lead

Assign leads
============

> Once the score is computed, leads can be assigned to specific teams. To do so, head to
> :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Team Assignment` and apply a specific domain to each team. This
> domain can include scores.

Reviewer: Edited for wording and clarity.

```suggestion
Odoo can also assign leads to specific teams based on configured rules. To configure assignment rules, go to the individual Sales Team's configuration page via :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Team Assignment` or :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Sales Teams`, and apply a specific Domain to each team. The Domain can include lead scores.
```

.. image:: lead_scoring/team-assignation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Team Assignments using domains

> If you want more granularity, you can assign leads to a specific salesperson on the team using
> further refined domains.
> 
> To do so, go to :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Leads Assignment` and add the specific domains.

Reviewer: Editing for wording.

```suggestion
Assign leads to specific salespeople using further refined Domains at :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Leads Assignment`.
```

.. image:: lead_scoring/lead-assignment-filters.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Lead Assignments

.. note::

>    The Team and Leads Assignments are assigned to unassigned leads once per day.

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be a note. Let's make it normal text. Also edited for wording.

```suggestion
 Odoo automatically assigns new leads to teams/salespeople once per day.
```

Evaluate & use the unassigned leads
===================================

> Once your scoring rules are in place, you likely still have some unassigned leads. Some of these
> leads could still transition into an opportunity, so ensuring they are handled is both useful and
> important.

Reviewer: Edited for wording and removed unimportant info.

```suggestion
Not all leads will fall into your set Domains and get assigned automatically by Odoo.
```

> On your leads overview page, you filter for your unassigned leads.

Reviewer: Edited for wording.

```suggestion
To view your unassigned leads, go to :menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Leads` and select the Unassigned filter.
```

.. image:: lead_scoring/unassigned-filter.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Filtering for unassigned leads

.. note::

>    You can also easily find unassigned leads by using the **Email Marketing** or **Marketing
>    Automation** apps to create a re-engagement campaign.

Reviewer: Editing slightly for wording.

```suggestion
   You can also find unassigned leads using the **Email Marketing** or **Marketing
   Automation** apps to create a re-engagement campaign.
```
